so with that let's jump
right into it and start with the first
communication idea
impactful communication idea the gosling
and no i'm not talking about a young
goose i'm talking about canadian
heartthrob ryan gosling because ryan
gosling's in that great movie
called the notebook and what does he do
in that movie he writes letters 365 of
them
to rachel mcadams character it's a
beautiful love story
and the fact is that ryan gosling shows
us that you can make an
impact with letters now i'm not basing
this whole
idea off of some movie in fact
everything i talk to you about today
are either things i do on a regular
basis or things i have experimented
with in the past in 2019
i gave myself a challenge to write
letters one per week 52 letters
to those who had made an impact on me in
my life
and there was a couple reasons that i
took on this challenge
first a letter to me is one of the best
things
in the world to receive like i have kept
every single letter i've
ever gotten in my life and the second
i was inspired by a speaker named hal
elrod now i had the chance to see how at
the 2019
r4 conference and hal is an incredible
human being with so many great ideas but
one of hal's concepts
is everyone starts their morning for one
of two reasons
either a because they have to or b
because they choose to the people who
have to
wake up at a certain time something
prompts them out of bed
so their alarm's going off and if they
don't get up they're going to be late
for an appointment or for work
or their kid is screaming at them to
make them breakfast before they go off
to school
something prompts those people out of
bad bed usually at the very last second
but the second group of people they are
the ones who
choose to wake up and usually earlier
than they need to
and they typically focus on one of six
activities
the first is exercise the second is
visualization
the third is meditation the fourth is
positive affirmations
the fifth is reading and the sixth the
one that stood out to me
is writing pen to paper writing
now what hal suggests is that you should
perhaps focus on journal writing
or gratitude pages but i took hal's idea
and i tweaked it
and instead of writing to myself i wrote
those letters to
other people and so while i aimed to
send
out 52 letters throughout the year i had
no expectations
of what the response would be the whole
reason
i was doing this is because i knew if
letters mean this much to me
even if they mean a fraction of that
amount to other people
this is going to be a worthwhile process
now the results were
incredibly interesting first off i heard
back from almost everyone
i sent a letter to all of them said it
made their day or their week
about a quarter of the people wrote a
letter back to me which like i say
that's one of my favorite things to
receive so that was a really great
experience
but one of the results that really was
interesting was the number of people who
told me
that they hadn't received a letter in
five years
in 10 years in some cases ever
there was one particular guy that i knew
from high school and i wrote a letter to
him in april 2019
and we were friends in high school we've
stayed decent friends over the years
and i was surprised because he's one of
the people i thought i might have heard
back from
but i didn't that was until april
and he gave me a phone call for a
different reason and we were chatting
for a while and at the end of that
conversation he said
by the way wade i never told you this
but
i got your letter last year and at the
time i was
having some struggles with my work and
there was a few personal challenges
and it meant a lot to me i actually keep
that letter on my dining room table and
i probably go back to it about once a
month
and read through it and i just needed
you to know that that meant a lot
right there if i didn't hear from the 51
other people i wrote to that whole
process was worth it based on that one
situation when's the last time somebody
said that about an
email that you wrote like wow karen did
you use helvetica in this like i am
gonna frame this i'm gonna put it up i'm
gonna read it every day
no people would never say that about an
email letters are different
letters are impactful so here's the
gosling challenge
i challenge you to write eight letters
by hand over the next two months
that's one per week on average now these
letters could be
to a co-worker maybe to somebody who you
met at another conference another agent
it could be to your spouse it could be
to your kids when's the last time
you wrote your kids a letter telling
them that you were proud of them
letters are impactful